feat: new lint-rule.md rule, 'header_comment" (#7)
stjude-rust-labs/wdl: lint-rules.md

    Int z = x + y# NO spaces between code and comment is hard to read.
```

### `header_comment`

Full line comments which start with a double-pound-sign (`##`) are given special treatment. They are called header-comments, and **should only be used at the very beginning of a file**. These special comments are meant as a place for documentation that doesn't belong in any of the language-supported meta sections. This is often whole file documentation or documentation for structs contained in the file.

> `sprocket doc` is under active development at the time of writing. This tool will auto-document any WDL file in MarkDown. Header-comments found by `sprocket doc` will be re-written in the output `.md` files (without the `##` prefix). Arbitrary and multi-line MarkDown constructions will be preserved adn rendered.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`sprocket doc` is under active development at the time of writing. This tool will auto-document any WDL file in Markdown. Header-comments found by `sprocket doc` will be re-written in the output `.md` files (without the `##` prefix). Arbitrary and multi-line Markdown constructions will be preserved and rendered.
```

> These header-comments should not be used anywhere beside the header.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
These header-comments should not be used anywhere other than the header.
```

Reviewer: Maybe prefix with "As the name suggests, "

> These header-comments should not be used anywhere other than the header.

Author: Good point. I'll make that edit.
